# PM2 Peek - minimal Dashboard

> This repository is an AngularJS-based application that parses the JSON generated by [PM2's web interface](https://github.com/Unitech/PM2/).

## This project is no longer maintained

_PM2 Peek_ is no longer actively maintained and is only made available here for reference. The project itself is still capable of displaying PM2 feeds.

What follows is the original `README.md`:

---

## Table of Contents

- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Author Information](#author-information)
- [License](#license)

## Requirements

_PM2 Peek_ is made available as HTML (and associated) files. To run it, a _web server_ is required.

## Dependencies

_PM2 Peek_ requires an available PM2 instance with a connectable PM2 web interface JSON feed.

## Usage

Clone this repository to a directory from which you can serve HTML. As there is no dynamically generated content, you can serve this through static file hosts, including GitHub pages and Amazon's S3 (incl. CloudFront).

Run the included application by passing the `feedUrl` parameter with an URL to a PM2 web interface JSON feed.

For example, if you are running a PM2 feed on `pm2.acme.com:9615`, you would pass the parameter like so: `/index.html#/?feedUrl=http:%2F%pm2.acme.com:9615%2F`.

### Security

This application does not provide any security. It is up to you to decide if and how you want to secure the data provided by the (external) PM2 web interface JSON feed.

Keep in mind that this application simply visualizes the JSON data, it does not make it available. This is done through by the (external) PM2 web interface and as such, securing the feed should be done on the server(s) on which PM2 is running on.

## Author Information

This module is currently maintained by the individuals listed below.

- [Kerim Satirli](https://github.com/ksatirli)

## License

Copyright 2014-2017 [Kerim Satirli](https://github.com/ksatirli)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

You may obtain a copy of the License at [apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an _"AS IS"_ basis, without WARRANTIES or conditions of any kind, either express or implied.

See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
